5025 recommend flight over flightsql (#5044)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-serverless/get-started/write.md

        `home,room=Living\ Room temp=22.5,hum=36.3,co=14i 1641163600`,
        `home,room=Kitchen temp=23.1,hum=36.6,co=22i 1641163600`,
        `home,room=Living\ Room temp=22.2,hum=36.4,co=17i 1641167200`,
        `home,room=Kitchen temp=22.7,hum=36.5,co=26i 1641167200`,
      }
      
      // Iterate over the lines array and write each line
      // separately to InfluxDB
      for _, record := range lines {
        err = client.Write(context.Background(), database, []byte(record))
        if err != nil {
          log.Fatalf("Error writing line protocol: %v", err)
        }
      }

      if err != nil {
        panic(err)
      }
      
      fmt.Println("Data has been written successfully.")
      return nil
    }
    ```

    The sample does the following:

    1.  Imports required packages.
      
    2.  Defines a `WriteLineProtocol()` function that does the following:
        
        1.  To instantiate the client, calls the `influx.New(influx.Configs)` function and passes the InfluxDB URL,
            database token, and [timestamp precision](/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/glossary/#timestamp-precision) for writing data to {{% cloud-name %}}.

>         2.  Defines a deferred function that will close the client when the function returns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        2.  Defines a deferred function that closes the client when the function returns.
```
